Hi guys, I'm going to show you today.
how to make a fake milk juice like this
Here pineapple and pineapple juice was
very realistic and this milk and this
which made it very cool too
Why are you having more police until then?
teach how to do flu first
there we need a handkerchief that
any brand win had two varela
preferably cups and one of the
idea of ​​any brand years with me
then you will take us convinces him
of water that is filling the
People are going to take the handkerchief and get it.
It was yellow, it stayed like that, I'm going
catch I was watching the photographer do this
I did with three practice games for you.
show the sound to you
so it stayed like this, we put a
A little bit of just having people I
I exaggerate a little, we want to go from
a glass for the other until general more
cute as it is in the video is not to bounce
in the godmother
will look like this was pretty broke my
because I was not very slow and my
Credits a little weak but it's the same
it was well says cury that coast
now I'll be you making the milk
this one quetta usual as said
you will need a taboo of
any brand
I used johnson's then it 's already going.
put the talc in the glass to stay
more practical, right?
and then I played a little more on stage
because it was very close I think
I exaggerated a little more to be well
Realist arrives is good fifa
I threw so much the slap after it fills
water to stay a little more realistic
I'll have some glue just because
had been very h
I keep as you become free
I hope you liked it.
Not even a kiss was in this video game anymore.
my voice is smarter and hotter I
I was realistic as I told you
need to put some copper
Thank you, and you signed up for
channel and kisses